fix: Nested NetworkBehaviours don't de-register or Invoke OnNetworkDespawn if destroyed while the parent NetworkObject remains spawned [NCCBUG-137] (#2091)
MidLevel/MLAPI: com.unity.netcode.gameobjects/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Fixed issue when attempting to spawn a parent `GameObject`, with `NetworkObject` component attached, that has one or more child `GameObject`s, that are inactive in the hierarchy, with `NetworkBehaviour` components it will no longer attempt to spawn the associated NetworkBehaviour(s) or invoke ownership changed notifications but will log a warning message. (#2096)

> - Fixed issue where destroying `GameObject`, with an attached NetworkBehaviour component, that was a child or any child generation of the assigned `NetworkObject` component's `GameObject` would not deregister with the NetworkObject nor would it have its OnNetworkSpawn method invoked. (#2091)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where destroying a NetworkBehaviour would not deregister it from the parent NetworkObject, leading to exceptions when the parent was later destroyed. (#2091)
```
